Mallinger Web Site

174

Go PremiumPlus

Home

Family tree

Discoveries

Photos

Jonathan Mallinger

DNA

Tree Consistency Checker

Help

Research

final_merged_deduped

239 consistency issues found (1,300 of 1,300 people)
Multiple marriages of same couple (30)

Alexander McQuilkan and his wife Catherine Thomson have 3 marriage facts
Tip: Remove redundant marriage facts of Alexander McQuilkan or Catherine Thomson.

View 29 more issues of this type

Suﬃx in first name (3)

First name of John Ii Partridge ends with the suﬃx 'Ii', which should be moved to the separate Suﬃx field
Tip: Move the suﬃx from the first name of John Ii Partridge into the 'Suﬃx' field.
✓ Move 'Ii' to Suﬃx

View 2 more issues of this type

Suﬃx in last name (2)

Last name of John Varley Ii ends with the suﬃx 'Ii', which should be moved to the separate Suﬃx field
Tip: Move the suﬃx from the last name of John Varley Ii into the 'Suﬃx' field.
✓ Move 'Ii' to Suﬃx

View one more issue of this type

Multiple birth facts of same person (74)

Helen Jean MacKay has 2 birth facts
Tip: Remove redundant birth facts of Helen Jean MacKay.

View 73 more issues of this type

Multiple death facts of same person (52)

Charles Mallinger has 2 death facts
Tip: Remove redundant death facts of Charles Mallinger.

View 51 more issues of this type

Disconnected from tree (4)

Ann Spong has no relatives in the family tree
Tip: Connect Ann Spong to a parent, a partner or a child in the family tree
Use the 'Connect to existing person' entry in the 'More' menu

View 3 more issues of this type

Siblings with same first name (3)
John Norwood My Th Gr Uncle and his brother John Norwood have the same first name
Tip: Correct the first names of John Norwood My Th Gr Uncle or John Norwood.
If this is the same person, remove one of them.
Ignore this issue if you are certain that the siblings had the same first name.

View 2 more issues of this type

Inconsistent last name spelling (64)

Mary Ach has the last name 'Ach', which appears once in your tree, while a similar spelling 'Ash' appears 3 times
Tip: Replace last name of Mary Ach with the more commonly used 'Ash'.
✓ Change to 'Ash'

View 63 more issues of this type

Inconsistent place name spelling (7)
Hugh Fraser Th Pggf has a Birth place 'Beauly, Inverness Shire, Scotland', which appears once in your tree, while a similar spelling 'Beauly,
Inverness-Shire, Scotland' appears twice
Tip: Replace the Birth place of Hugh Fraser Th Pggf with the more commonly used 'Beauly, Inverness-Shire, Scotland'.
✓ Change to 'Beauly, Inverness-Shire, Scotland'

View 6 more issues of this type

English

